[DOC] High level docs (#621)
nipoppy/nipoppy: docs/source/overview/use_cases.md

# Use cases

Nipoppy can help several types of users and use cases to help address challenges related to data curation and processing.

## Users

> <img alt="comic_panel_1" src="../_static/img/nipoppy_usecases.jpg" width=750px>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img alt="Nipoppy use-cases for trainees, labs, and institutions" src="../_static/img/nipoppy_usecases.jpg" width=750px>
```

## Long-term sustainable benefits for institutes and consortia

The above use cases target individual researchers and data managers to help adopt best-practices and [FAIR](https://www.go-fair.org/fair-principles/) data workflows. This can significantly improve reproducibility, reuse, and reduce duplication of effort - particularly in the following two canonical data governance setups.

- Centralized Nipoppy adoption of medium and large size datasets in a lab or institute
    - Provides a single ground truth and inventory of collected and processed data
    - Streamlines and avoids duplication of compute heavy processing
    - Keeps provenance of processing configurations

- Distributed Nipoppy adoption by participating sites in a consortium
    - Enables consistent processing across distributed sites
    - Simplifies tracking of data availability and processing provenance

>     - Accelerate deployment of a new pipeline and version upgrades

Reviewer: Nitpick: I would put some keywords (e.g. "single ground truth") in bold so that they pop up more. I feel like that makes things easier to read generally

# Use cases

Nipoppy can help several types of users and use cases to help address challenges related to data curation and processing.

## Users

<img alt="comic_panel_1" src="../_static/img/nipoppy_usecases.jpg" width=750px>

The modular design of Nipoppy offers a variety of entry points for Nipoppy adoption suitable for your workflows and analysis.

> In general, Nipoppy workflows are designed to be light-weight and for “self-help” - making the data wrangling tasks simpler and often requiring a “human-in-the-loop” process to address research data heterogeneity issues.

Reviewer 2: I think I don't understand this sentence correctly. I understand from this sentence: Nipoppy requires a human-in-the-loop and having a human-in-the-loop addresses data heterogeneity issues. Do you mean this with this sentence? Because I would say a human-in-the-loop usually causes more heterogeneity.

Below we list several use case scenarios and their touchpoints with Nipoppy for users to get started.

> ## Use cases for individual researchers

Reviewer 2: What do you think about turning the bullet lists in tables? I find tables are much nicer to read. It would fit here since you bring the same points for every step (Task, Starting point, End Goal, Related technologies and standards, Nipoppy touchpoints)

Author: Okay, now created a table. I played with couple of layouts but can't really think of a way to make it look less busy. Happy to try other table formats if either of you have better examples!

Reviewer: What do you think of removing the last column? I mentioned this before but I don't feel like this is the right place to introduce the reader to these concepts, I think it is too overwhelming.

Also not a huge fan of the titles/headings being their own row in the table with all other columns empty...

### Imaging Data Curation

- Task: Imaging data standardization starting from acquired scans (e.g. DICOMs)
- Starting point: Source imaging data with an expected list of participants

> - End Goal: Curate BIDSified dataset and assert data availability in terms of sample sizes and multi-modal data types

Reviewer 2: picky comment: for the other "headers" you only capitalize the first word

Reviewer: I agree with the picky comment! 😅
